
	https://github.com/rafidhoda

	Things to do in your city
	Make a website where you list out at least 5 things to do in your city.
	This website is going to be for tourists coming to your city for vacation.
	Come up with the design yourself.

1. Abuja City Tour - Discover Nigeria's Capital.
Leisure comes to everyone, how you spend it, is what makes the difference. This tour avails you the opportunity to explore the beautiful city of Abuja and the sights that makes it truly the capital city of Nigeria.

There's an adventure for you to engage in after that meeting or long day conference and you need to unwind, relax and rejuvenate.

Explore Abuja beyond the texts and put images behind your visit as beautifully curated for you by Motley.

2. Hike The Wonderland Mountain Abuja
This tour will give you the opportunity of capturing the beauty of the capital city of Abuja, on top of the mountain overseeing the whole of the city .

3. Visit Gurara Waterfall
This is an exciting tour to cap your visit to Abuja. We create memories to last you a long time on this tour.

3. Visit Farin Ruwa Waterfall - Chasing waterfall 
This tour is ultimately unique as it takes you to experience Nigeria's second highest waterfall in all its beauty and magnificence. It exposes you to the huge potentials and the wonderful work of nature.

4. Almat Farms and Resort - The Green Escape
Escape the bustle of the city and restore your connection to nature. Drive through Kuje's mountainous and lush vegetation to arrive at the resort. Based in a modernised farm area, you'll stay among green houses and nurture domesticated wildlife. Shortly after arriving, partake in a short hike, and a meal in the restaurant. The resort is filled with opportunities for adventure including horse riding, quadbiking, and gaming activities around the resort.

5.Into the Wild - Yankari Game Reserve
An adventure into the amazing wildlife of Nigeria, showcasing the beauty of biodiversity and ecotourism as never seen before. This tour exposes you to the adventurous side of your visit to Nigeria.

6. 

